work on the board renting system. (DONE)

work on the add to cart function for the shop. (DONE)

Use the same logic of "added to cart" from the rental page, on the "Shop" page. badge that comes saying "added to cart" Cart Drawer should not come out automatically after adding to cart. 

*Make sure that in CartDrawer user cannot increment items quantity if that quantity is not available in the database.

Think of a way to incomporate same day hourly board rental, or a future day hourly board rental. 

Look into using EmailJS to send receipt of purchase. *it probably work directly with Stripe*

In the Admin Order - Lets make the REVENUE display the DAILY REVENUE, and reset every day. 

Orders marked as completed or ship should reduce the Stock quantity in Iventory admin page. 

Create a method to mark rental as returned and update the rental page so it shows it as available again. 

Create notification method on admin side.

Fix active navigation tab on admin side. 

In the "Admin/Bookings" created method to undo "returned" if clicked by accident. 

Shipping Address not showing up completely in the "Recen Transactions" Admin

Create a way to cancel the order, a button to go back to homepage, or previous page from the "Checkout page"

The user should not be able to initially choose a quantity higher than the actual in stock quantity, the counter for the quantity the user wants to buy should either be synched or be able to detect when the quantity requested is higher than the quantity available. 

For the sizes of products there should be a way to also keep count of how many of each sizes there is for one specific product, this information should also be some how available to the user to avoid placing an order of a product which specific size requested is not available. 

The Rental Fleet table should show how many available of each rental equiment, and how may are currently being rented. this should all be connected to the logic of returning a rental equitment or deleting a rental Transactions

Improve deletion message for a rental Transactions, check is the dates have pass already, if so no need for modal message explaining that it will make it availabe again. 

User should be able to specefy at what time they plan on picking up the rental equitment, and the page should remind the user of the store operating hours, and depending on the time the user selects to pick up the equiment the return time should be automatically calculated to 24hours after. 

Make the navigation bar in the admin side retractable and responsive. 